maybe if we watch the tugs we'll get my
dear just like they do every day ten
cents and sunshine pull up to the star
pier to get their work orders all the
other tugs have already been given their
assignments gosh I hope I get to do
something different today
well Hercules and big stack are bringing
in a cruise ship I'd like to do that I'm
more ready than you are it's not sorry
sunshine anyway Otis is taking the ferry
across the harbor I'm sure I could do
that but we'll probably get stuck taking
fuel out to Lily light ship like we
always do I'll try to be happy and do my
work and if you don't do it I'll think
you're a jerk sunshine Otis just the tug
I wanted to see well what can I do for
you ten cents well we actually don't
look at me I'd like to help you take the
ferry across the harbor Oh would you now
I'm afraid you'll need a bit more
practice for you can do that Yeah right
I'm off to do my job Gullu at least you
try ten tips
ah come on sunshine let's get movin fuel
days fuel days I just don't know what I
would do without you two
thanks Lily but you know we can do a lot
more than just hauling fuel you don't
have to convince me ten cents yeah tell
that to some of the other tugs why don't
you tell him yourself
well keep trying you'll get your chance
so while sunshine toes the fuel barges
back to port $0.10 tries to convince the
other Starfleet tugs to let him help I
appreciate your offer 10 cents but I
think Lord stinker and I had better
handled this dirty work ourselves are
you sure quite sure all on rocks is too
heavy for little tugs you are for this
for 10 cents nobody seems to need his
help
ok ok I get the message
meanwhile Otis chugs up to the landing
as the Fulton ferry moves out to meet
him right on schedule
the ferry is empty now and it needs to
get across the harbor to pick up another
load of freight Otis has made this trip
hundreds and hundreds of times but life
in the harbor doesn't always go as
planned
oh no the ferry doesn't see the
motorboat coming all engines stop
trouble ahead
Otis jams his engine is a reverse Justin
look where you're going oh dunk my
dinghy magic control she's tipping over
that sounds like Otis the Fulton ferry
is tipping badly and ready to go under
Ohio this uncommon uncommon yeah not a
moment too soon
you gotta get Hercules or warrior there
just isn't time I'll get a line on it
hurry she's going under don't worry I
can do it
careful 10 Center you'll go down with
her it's the only chance I got she's
safe now
I can't believe you did it you saved the
Fulton fairy
not bad for no practice eh you really
came through back there ten cents now I
know I can count on you I'm a lot
tougher and stronger than you think Otis
oh I don't doubt that for a second
matter of fact I think you're ready to
work some bigger ships you do I mean I
do too
when do I start next time I take the
Fulton ferry across the harbor you're
coming with me I say what's all this
Yahoo iing about I'm moving up in this
world top hat the sky's the limit
well I know that doesn't everybody they
do now fuel Days fuel days soon there'll
be some really cool days